CGTD - Todo List - Final
Group: Zhaoyang Liu, Kaleabe Abera, Mitch Duerr, Maximilian Spieler

Overview
To give a reminder of our general vision for this application: We wanted to build our own custom Colgate-branded ToDo list application that allows users to share ToDo lists to collaborate with each other. 
For our first iteration of the CGTD [Colgate To Do] Todo List, we focused on implementing the basic CURDI actions and functionalities that we captured in our initial user stories and creating the beginnings of a visually pleasing design for the app. At this point, there was a single to-do list that was backed by a todo_entry model, with no user authentication being present.  
For our second iteration of CGTD, we added 1st party user authentication with Devise and a new TodoList model. This allowed us to authenticate users and provide each user with their own to-do list and tasks. It also allowed us to give users the option to have multiple to-do lists to manage semantically separate projects, create them, edit them, and delete them. This required a significant update and restructuring of our relational databases, routing, and index page, as well as a revamp of the TodoEntry controller and an entirely new TodoList controller, which now drives the app.
 For iteration 2, we also focused on exhaustive testing, with each line being hit around 12.36 times by tests and 100% test coverage through cucumber and RSpec tests. We also used partial views to DRY out and de-bloat our index page. 
For our third iteration on CGTD, we implemented allowing users to share Todo lists with other users to collaborate on projects, as well as archive and reactivate to-do lists that are no longer relevant but that users don’t want to delete. We also implemented third-party authentication with GitHub, which works in concert with our internal log-in system and prevents dual registration of emails, ensuring each user only has one account. Iteration 3 required fairly broad code and test-refactoring since we also had to add a HABTM relationship between users and todo-lists to enable list sharing. We also used the view partials from iteration 2 to DRYly implement a new archived-lists page.
As the final weeks of classes are often quite busy, we wanted to focus on implementing fewer features with higher difficulty for iteration 3, to ensure we still make progress against key features of our application even on our last iteration. Our initial goal was to create a sleek and smooth Colgate-focused to-do list application that students could use for both managing their own personal tasks and collaborating on class projects. We believe we have successfully achieved the goals we set out to achieve for this application at the beginning of the semester, and the team is very happy with the outcome of our work. If we were to continue developing this app, we would likely want to integrate both Colgate SSO authentication and perhaps link into Moodle so that students can directly import class-assigned tasks.
